Add GP3 documentation (#518)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/provision/README.md

![AWS cluster second part](./images/aws/aws-new-cluster-2.png)
:::

> Further, you need to specify the storage capacity. One disk kind is available at the moment, but you can change the disk size, IOPS and throughput. Since we allow customers to expand the storage size online without service interruptions, you can start with smaller storage and expand it when you need more capacity.

Reviewer: I may be missing some context, but do we only present GP3 in the console and do these docs only apply there? The automation README above state `GP2` and `GP3` are supported.

Author: GP2 is still supported by API so customers will be able to use previous versions of terraform provider. Console allows to use only GP3.

Reviewer 2: THat should be added as a note then .

Author: done

![AWS cluster second part](./images/aws/aws-new-cluster-2.png)
:::

Further, you need to specify the storage capacity. One disk kind is available at the moment, but you can change the disk size, IOPS and throughput. Since we allow customers to expand the storage size online without service interruptions, you can start with smaller storage and expand it when you need more capacity.

::: note

> Cloud console allows to create only GP3 clusters, but it's still possible to create a cluster with deprecated GP2 storage type for backward compatibility with terraform provider and Event Store Cloud CLI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The cloud console only allows for the creation of GP3 clusters, but for backwards compatibility purposes it's still possible to create a cluster with GP2 storage using tools such as the terraform provider or Event Store Cloud CLI.
```

| **M32**  | Production                     | 12M                   | 1 TB            | 250                      |
| **M64**  | Production                     | 30M                   | 2 TB            | 500                      |
| **M128** | Production                     | 62M                   | 4 TB            | 500                      |

> ### Disk Types

Reviewer 3: If this section exists it should probably go through the motions of explaining the disk types for each provider, even though there's not really any choice on which to use outside of AWS. 

Another idea: this whole `Disk Types` section could be removed from this PR for now and a subsequent one could add it and explain all the types (including the deprecated GP2).

Author: Added part with gp2 to gp3 migration

#### GP3

> [GP3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html#gp3-ebs-volume-type) disk kind provides better base IOPS (3000 IOPS base compared to 3*`disk size` in GP2 with burst balance), IOPS and Throughput do not depend on disk size.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[GP3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html#gp3-ebs-volume-type) disk kind provides better base IOPS than GP2 and decouples IOPS and throughput from disk size.
```
